Compatibility Mode: disallow two-component (RG) texture formats in storage texture bindings. (#4444)
gpuweb/gpuweb: proposals/compatibility-mode.md

**Justification**: OpenGL ES does not support texture views.

### 7. Disallow `sample_mask` and `sample_index` builtins in WGSL.

Use of the `sample_mask` or `sample_index` builtins would cause a validation error at pipeline creation time.

**Justification**: OpenGL ES 3.1 does not support `gl_SampleMask`, `gl_SampleMaskIn`, or `gl_SampleID`.

> ### 8. Disallow two-component (RG) texture formats in storage texture bindings.

Reviewer: The suggestion in https://github.com/gpuweb/gpuweb/issues/4413 is that these texture formats be marked as not supporting storage in in compat (see: the texture-format-capabilities table [here](https://www.w3.org/TR/webgpu/#texture-format-caps). 

This means `createTexture`, `createBindGroupLayout`, `createRenderPipeline`, `createRenderPipelineAsync`, `createComputePipeline`, and `createComputePipelineAsync` all generate validation errors for these textures if they are used a storage textures.

Author: Thanks! Fixed.

**Justification**: OpenGL ES 3.1 does not support `gl_SampleMask`, `gl_SampleMaskIn`, or `gl_SampleID`.

### 8. Disallow two-component (RG) texture formats in storage texture bindings.

> Use of the `rg32uint`, `rg32sint`, or `rg32float` texture formats with `STORAGE_BINDING` in a `createTexture()` or `createBindGroupLayout()` call should cause a validation error. Calls to pipeline creation functions with pipeline `layout` set to `auto` and a storage texture binding of those format types in the WGSL shader should cause a validation error.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion to more directly say what the spec change would be (I think somewhat better addressing Gregg's comment)

```suggestion
The `rg32uint`, `rg32sint`, and `rg32float` texture formats no longer support the `"write-only" or "read-only" STORAGE_BINDING` capability.

Calls to `createTexture()` or `createBindGroupLayout()` with this combination cause a validation error. Calls to pipeline creation functions with pipeline `layout` set to `"auto"` and a storage texture binding of those format types cause a validation error (in the internal call to `createBindGroupLayout()`).
```

Author: > The `rg32uint`, `rg32sint`, and `rg32float` texture formats no longer support the `"write-only" or "read-only" STORAGE_BINDING` capability by default.

Done, but why call out read-only and write-only in particular? This would also affect read-write, no?

Reviewer 2: Mainly because that is the title of the column in https://gpuweb.github.io/gpuweb/#plain-color-formats - these formats already don't have read-write storage capability in core.
